Agile Model- (is a process define modle) latest module for software developing

it is mixed of iterative and incremental model.
iterative model-doing same process again and again
incremental model-keep on adding new feachers(module)in existing module.
----------
how it work fast ?
- as we develope module we delivere it to the costomer so costomer no need to wait for
long time. and again new version is added to it with some features.
and also if any changes we can easily update according to costomer at any stage.

there will be good communication between costomer, developer and tester.
------------
dis advantages-less documentation (but more no. of meetings)




----------------------------------

scrum  (is a frame work through which we develope and test a software and release to the costomer)
it will help us to design and develope software is form of agile process principles.

scrum team :-
1)product owner- (he is a man between developing all teams and the costomer)it define feature of the product and is always in contact with costomer.
      he set's all features, and pririotised all functions
      he can accept or reject he will check work flow is meeting to costomer requirment

2)scrum master- (hunter) he mainly drive agil process and make every one to do given work
                any miss communication or any blocker he will solve issues and make flow of agil 
3)development team - develope software
4)QA team - test software

-----------------------------
scrum terminology

>user story - module in a software (product owner which define functionality in a form of user stories/ epics )
>epic - is collection of multiple user stories
>product backlock - is document has all the stories (user + epices) can be form of exel /list is call -
........
>1 sprint/iteration - is a period of time to complete user stories(it mean all design, development, and testing) time decide by product owner and team 
>sprint planning meeting - decide what to delivere in sprint
>sprint backlock - perticular story in one sprint is writen in sprint backlock (not all product backlock stories it content many stories there fore)
                    for specific sprint

>scrum meeting- every day 15 min meeting by scrum master every boday say what task complet and blockers
>main 3 question - what you do yesterday , today and any blocker
 >sprint retrospective meeting - only onse after completing of every single sprint cycle all team d,t,po.
...............
>story point - rough estimation of user stories , so base on product backlog all stories developer and tester will pick stroies to do work
     eg: developer will say i require this much of time to do this work is call-
          this is given by d and t 
        given in fibonacci series form-0112358......
      1 story point = 1hours/1 day(6 hrs)
    there fore if d say 5 story points is equal to 5 hours

>burn down charts- shows remaining work in sprint and maintain by scrum master also calculate story points

